Update: Document Admin API endpoints used by decK (#6817)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/deck/guides/kong-enterprise.md

with decK, and always scope down the exact permissions you need to give
decK.

### Endpoints used by decK

decK uses Kong's Admin API to communicate with {{site.base_gateway}}. 
If you have RBAC enabled, you need to give decK permissions to perform operations, or use an admin account that has these permissions. 

Here are some common endpoints hit by decK for normal operations:

> * `GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE /{entityType}` or `GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE /{workspace}/{entityType}`: Perform read and write operations on entities.
> If you are running {{site.ee_product_name}}, then decK interacts with entities inside workspaces. 
> See the [Entities managed by decK](/deck/{{page.release}}/reference/entities/) reference for the full list.
> Note that decK also performs operations on entities enabled by plugins, such as `/basic-auths`, `/jwts`, and so on.

Author: ```suggestion
* `GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE /{entityType}` or `GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE /{workspace}/{entityType}`: Perform read and write operations on entities.

   If you are running {{site.ee_product_name}}, then decK interacts with entities inside workspaces. 
   See the [Entities managed by decK](/deck/{{page.release}}/reference/entities/) reference for the full list.
   
   Note that decK also performs operations on entities enabled by plugins, such as `/basic-auths`, `/jwts`, and so on.
```

* `GET /`: Get the {{site.base_gateway}} version.
* `GET /{workspace}/kong`: Get entities in a workspace.
* `GET /{workspace}/workspaces/{entityType}`: Check whether the workspace or other entity exists or not.

> * `GET /{workspace}/schemas/{entityType}`: Get entity schemas and inject defaults.
> * `GET /{workspace}/schemas/plugins/{pluginName}`: Get plugin schemas and inject defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GET /{workspace}/schemas/{entityType}`: Retrieves the schema for a specified entity type within a workspace and applies default settings.
* `GET /{workspace}/schemas/plugins/{pluginName}`: Retrieves the schema for a specified plugin within a workspace and applies default settings.
```

Ignore this if defaults isn't settings and is something else. Defaults felt unclear.

* `POST /workspaces`: Create missing workspaces.

> To find out which endpoints your instance of decK is hitting, run any decK command with the `--verbose 1` flag. 
> This prints out all of the queries being made. For example, here's a snippet from `deck gateway dump --verbose 1`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out which endpoints your instance of decK is hitting, execute any decK command with the `--verbose 1` flag. 
This outputs all of the queries being made. For example, here's a snippet from `deck gateway dump --verbose 1`:
```
